{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2511
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Menlo-Regular;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green255\blue255;\red24\green24\blue28;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\csgenericrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\csgenericrgb\c9472\c9472\c11000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab939
\pard\tx939\pardeftab939\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs88 \cf2 \cb3 TopAlbums
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 iOS application
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 Swift 5.0 and XCode 11.3
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Project: This iOS application fetches the top 100 albums from the Apple RSS Feed API.
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Used MVVM Architecture. This design helps in keeping the view controller light.
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Features:
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 *On launching the app, a list of the top 100 albums schools are fetched & Rendered.\
*TableView prefetching delegates used to prefetch the image data & cancel the prefetch request.
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 *Selecting an album, would navigate the user to the album details view.\
*No Storyboard/ XIB used.
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 *Safe Area Insets
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 *Portrait & Landscape supported.
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Additions:
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 Accessibility-Voice Over for the albums list as well as the details screen.
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Assumptions / Constraints:
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Even though NSURLSession is used to fetch the data, due to the time constraint, networking layer wasn't completely added. Have hardcoded the URL's & related methods. Same w.r.t the Error Handling.
\f1\fs38 \
\

\f0\fs46 Scope for improvement:
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Implement proper network layer & error Handling
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Implement URL caching, so that the same API wouldn't be refetched multiple times & image caching.
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Add RefreshControl for TableView to refetch new data.
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Search Functionality\
-Activity indicator for each image while loading/ default image
\f1\fs38 \

\f0\fs46 -Unit Test Cases.\
\
Known Issues:\
AutoLayoutConstraint warning related to the 'Navigate to Music' button. Due to time constraint wasn't able to debug & fix it.
\f1\fs38 \
}